{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Overview: This program gives a framework for a sanctuary for animals. Currently, it is used to house primates in either isolation cages or enclosures.\
\
Features: The program can create monkeys, update their attributes in a medical check, assign them to housing, look up where a certain species is housed, produce a shopping list of the monkeys\'92 favorite foods, produce a sign for each enclosure telling the user about each monkey, and add enclosures or isolation cages if needed and if the sanctuary\'92s funds permit this. More animals could be added as classes to this program. \
\
Run: This program can but run with the provided jar file. \
\
Use: Commands to introduce a new monkey to the sanctuary, create a sign for a sanctuary, send a monkey for a medical update, get a list of the animals and where they\'92re housed, get a list of the species and where they\'92re housed, lookup a certain species and where it\'92s housed, create a shopping list for the sanctuary, and rehouse an animal are all called manually. The program will automatically update a monkey and housing unit\'92s information if a monkey is sent for a medical check or moves housing. It will also automatically add housing units, if they prove necessary and the funds are available. \
\
Design Changes: Originally I planned to make the isolation and enclosure classes one class, as they share many of the same methods. But ultimately they are distinct enough that it made more sense to have two classes, sharing the Housing interface. \
\
Limitations: Medical update does not automatically rehouse a monkey to an enclosure. Most commands must be given explicitly by the user. }